magento/merchdocs#1124: Describe sign out of the customer account (#1125)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/customer-sign-in.md

   ![]({% link images/images-b2b/customer-company-dashboard.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Account Dashboard - company_

## Sign out of Customer Account

> 1. In the upper-right corner, click the **Welcome, Customer Name!** <span class="btn">∨</span> icon.

Reviewer: @ZhovnirMaria could you please use `top right` instead of `upper-right`. 

Thank you!

Author: @atwixfirster  
Done. Thank you!

> 1. In the upper-right corner, click the **Welcome, Customer Name!** <span class="btn">∨</span> icon.

Reviewer 2: To match our style...

```suggestion
1. In the upper-right corner next to  _Welcome, Customer Name!_, click  the **v** menu selector.
```

> 1. Click the **Sign Out** button.

Reviewer 2: We don't say "the X button, and instead use button formatting

```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Sign Out</span>.
```
